W-13121183 salesforce composite default value connection timeout (#2304)
mulesoft/docs-connectors: salesforce-composite/2.5/modules/ROOT/pages/salesforce-composite-connector-reference.adoc

** HOURS
** DAYS |  Time unit to be used for the responseTimeout parameter. |  SECONDS |

> | Connection Timeout a| Number |  The socket connection timeout value. This attribute works in tandem with #connectionTimeoutUnit. | 30 |

Reviewer: #connectionTimeoutUnit > the **Connection Timeout** Unit field

** SECONDS
** MINUTES
** HOURS

> ** DAYS |  A TimeUnit that qualifies the #connectionTimeout |  SECONDS | 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
** DAYS |  A time unit that qualifies the #connectionTimeout |  SECONDS | 
```
